hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so I
don't play for tonight very often if I'm
playing games at all it's usually
overwatch but on the MacBook there's no
overwatch client at least not a native
one so the game that I play the most on
my MacBook is actually fortnight but
there's a problem it runs really poorly
on their best MacBook Pro so this is
their 15-inch 2017 model Radeon pro 560
it's decked out but it just runs really
poorly at really low settings you can
get near 60 frames per second but
there's a lot of stutter there's stutter
when you jump out of the bus there's
starter when you're in combat it's just
not a very good gaming experience I
don't know max aren't ideal for gaming
anyways but for tonight isn't a
particularly demanding game it just
still runs really poorly on the MacBook
Pro but then this came in the mail this
is the gigabyte gaming box it's their
new external GPU built specifically for
MacBooks and it cranks up the graphical
power of your Thunderbolt 3 equipped
MacBook Pro so it'll work with the
15-inch the 13-inch and even the iMac on
the 15-inch model it'll bump it up by
like double on the 13-inch it will bump
it up even more depending on the 13-inch
model you have so this box is literally
the smallest external GPU of ever used
it's running an Rx 580 and because of
the new Mac OS 10 point 13 point for the
connection is really easy to set up
it's literally plug-and-play you plug it
in there's no setup there's no drivers
there's no reboot even it just works
right off the bat when you connect it a
few seconds later and icon appears at
the top of the screen saying that an
external GPU is connected and that's it
and when it's connected you get a very
significant improvement in performance
for something like Fortnight so before
because the framerate spiked because
it's actually very difficult to play
properly in fortnight but now with the
gaming box you can get well over 60
frames per second on an external monitor
now if I tweak the settings a bit I
could keep viewing distance maxed out
while keeping all the visual fluff down
and I could still float around 70 to 80
frames per second one thing to keep in
mind though fortnight does run better in
Windows games in general are just better
optimized for Windows and even for a
huge developer like epic the Mac OS
client has lower frame rates than the
Windows client with the same kind of
hardware now obviously this isn't for
everyone if you have a gaming laptop or
a gaming desktop then you don't need any
of this stuff to play for a night or any
game for that matter but if your Mac
user if you're kind of required to use
it for work or if you
fur Mac OS this is a very viable option
it goes for six hundred dollars you get
the enclosure the GPU a carrying case
and all the cables and stuff and the
power supply in here is 450 watts so it
can easily handle charging your macbook
pro while it's connected even the 15
inch one and it's also a big enough
power supply that if you wanted to in
the future you could probably upgrade
the GPU provided that that new GPU fit
in here so a few other things to note
Mac OS supports multiple external GPUs
so if your device has enough lanes like
the 15-inch MacBook Pro this thing can
handle two external GPUs the other thing
I'm seeing is that there's no bootcamp
support I don't know if it's coming I
hope it is but at launch we're not
seeing official support and we're also
not seeing the ability to use the
built-in laptop display and this took me
a while to figure out it's right in the
documentation but if you don't have an
external monitor plugged into that
external GPU this setup won't work right
now it does require it the other thing
is that there's no nvidia card support
so if you want to swap this thing out
with an nvidia card it won't work at
least not officially there's work around
some stuff like that but if you want
easy mode it's got to be an AMD card now
there's one other issue that's a little
more prominent it's the fact that
software support is relatively limited
right now this still does not work with
final cut so that's apples video editing
program this connection does not work in
final cut and I'm also having issues
getting this to work in Adobe Premiere
it'll load up but the moment I drop in
footage there's an error now I am pretty
confident that over time the support is
going to improve quite a bit but it's
just kind of weird to see Apple put out
an official release for this thing while
still being the kind of half-baked for a
lot of their services so a couple other
things to note the noise levels on this
thing are really quiet obviously depends
on how close you keep this box to you
but at 2 or 3 feet away it's a very
comfortable noise level and I also think
that the value of this $600 box is not
bad like a lot of external GPU cases are
quite expensive we've seen some cases
that are like five six hundred bucks
just for the case itself this is 600 it
includes the GPU includes like all the
hardware that you need to make the whole
thing work
and there's upgradability right not just
for the card enough but if you want to
upgrade your laptop in the future you
still going to have Thunderbolt 3 ports
in the future like there's just a path
of upgrade ability which I like to see
in something like this so external GPUs
are pretty viable for macbook pros right
now and the supports are is going to get
better over time
all right hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it subsea loved it
and here's some fortnight footage
there's actually my very first win and I
was on a freaking MacBook enjoy
[Music]